# NameSurfer
Against all bureaucratic stereotypes, the Social Security Administration, provides a neat web site showing the distribution of names chosen for children since 1880 in the United States (http://www.ssa.gov/OACT/babynames/).  The Social Security Administration provides data that shows the most popular male and female names for every year.  The data can be boiled down to one text file per year that looks something like this:  
2005.csv . . . 51,Jason,Mackenzie 52,Cameron,Sofia 53,Hunter,Riley 54,Jayden,Haley 55,Juan,Gabrielle 56,Charles,Nicole 57,Aaron,Kylie 58,Lucas,Zoe 59,Luis,Katelyn 60,Owen,Paige . . .  
The file is easy to understand: Each line of the file begins with a number, which stands for the rank of that year, followed by a boy’s name and a girl’s name. For example, the 
– 2 –  first line shown above means that in the year 2005, the 51th popular boy’s name is Jason, and the 51th popular girl’s name is Mackenzie. We provide 110 files in this assignment, from the year 1901 to 2010.  Figure 1. Sample run of the NameSurfer program (with name "Michael")   
This project provides a program that graphs these names over time.  Whenever the user enters a name, the NameSurfer program creates a new plot line showing how that name has fared over the years.  Clicking on the Clear button removes all the plot lines from the graph so that the user can enter more names without all the old names cluttering up the display. The program shows multiple names at the same time by drawing multiple lines to the window.
